great racing buddy
here take this helmet so the guys know
you're one of us oh you can come a
message from the boss
attention all dogs for less employees
first of all whatever the brings is
beneath not all the chuchi bars in the
break room that equates stuff in his
face Wow
hey turn those lights off it's bad Feng
shooey
ahem next our space rendezvous point has
been moved - and listen up knuckleheads
the Felson system in Sector one two
three four four five if you're no good
with numbers find them there buddy to
help you lastly the company paid a
picnic Nick is this Sunday don't forget
to bring your own juice this time hey I
saw that Cletus you just earned yourself
a writer
don't worry the boss only yes because he
loves us yes I do is imagine did you see
that broadcast not they should scope out
that rendezvous point yes we might
intercept some stray transmissions